{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
THE STORY\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
A few naughty kids two weeks ago found some bugs in a fire cracker, so they thought that they could put the fire cracker next to the bugs and see what happens (they thought that the bugs would explode).  But instead, they turned into mutant machines!  Each of the kids stole one third of the mutant machines.  But then they got into a big fight!  \
\
Basically, one of the kids stole something from the other two.  It doesn\'92t really matter what was stolen - the problem was more that stealing is not OK.  So, the other two kids flew to an alien planet and got more ships and attacked that third kid, but it was actually a misunderstanding and it was actually one of the dads who accidentally put it away.  Sometimes this happens: sometimes you get in a fight over a misunderstanding.  If dads were more careful and didn't put kids\'92 toys away without telling them, we might not have so many wars.\
\
Anyway, in this game you play the kid with the misunderstanding, who\'92s getting beat up.  So basically everyone misunderstands and thinks you are an evil thief overlord.  You have to destroy the ships and make them admit that it was all your dad\'92s fault!  What you do not have to do is clean your room.}